no one likes to see milk being poured
away
it's like watching money disappear down
the drain but that's the reality and
mastitis in a Dairy Herd and for years
there was no effective way of dealing
with it now though there's a D F the
automatic dipping and flushing system
it's a cost effective way of controlling
mastitis improving somatic cell counts
and the quality of milk produced
ADF's been firmly established as an
effective solution available to farmers
and it's proved itself time and again
since its introduction in 2004 the idea
is simple getting did onto the teat at
the moment the cluster is removed
that means it's treated at exactly the
right time just as milking ends then the
cluster is flushed and cleaned ready for
the next cow that enters the parlor
let's look at how it works in detail at
the end of milking after vacuum to the
cluster is shut off TTIP is injected
into the head of each liner as the unit
is removed the
vulnerable to infection immediately
after milking is coated within seconds
once the clusters removed each liner is
disinfected and rinsed to eliminate the
risk of cross-contamination ADF means
complete and consistent tip nipping on
every teat of every cow they've
installed ADF and their dairy parlors
are convinced that it's brought positive
changes to their business let's remind
ourselves why it works so well
ADF applies teat dip at exactly the
right moment to prevent infection and
improve teak condition each teeth carp
is thoroughly disinfected and rinsed to
eliminate contamination after every
milking it's compatible with any make
model and layout of dairy parlor ADF is
easily and quickly installed the system
reduces labor costs and workload and
it's proof to reduce somatic cell counts
save money and improve the quality of
milk
you